cap operator plugin (#765)
cap-js/docs: plugins/index.md

## CAP Operator Plugin

> [CAP Operator](https://sap.github.io/cap-operator/) manages and automates the lifecycle operations involved in running multitenant CAP applications on Kubernetes (K8s) clusters. To deploy an application using the CAP Operator, the application must manually define the custom resources in a helm chart. The CAP Operator plugin provides an easy way to generate such a helm chart, which can be easily modified without needing deep knowledge of helm concepts.

Reviewer: @Rene Jeglinsky Switching the order gives the wrong meaning. Maybe I can try to explain the use case. Currently, to deploy an application using the CAP Operator component, the application has to manually create a helm chart with all the configurations including templates which is a tedious and time-consuming process. It also requires some knowledge of how helm works.

Now using the new plugin, the application developer can easily generate such a helm chart (with or without templates based on their needs) by calling `cds add cap-operator`. It also will try to default a lot of values in the `values.yaml` which the application can enhance or modify if needed. So for most of the applications, they would just need to work with the `values.yaml`, and no need to modify template folders which makes things a lot easier.

Please let us know if you have any suggestions on how we can rephrase it better.

> [CAP Operator](https://sap.github.io/cap-operator/) manages and automates the lifecycle operations involved in running multitenant CAP applications on Kubernetes (K8s) clusters. To deploy an application using the CAP Operator, the application must manually define the custom resources in a helm chart. The CAP Operator plugin provides an easy way to generate such a helm chart, which can be easily modified without needing deep knowledge of helm concepts.

Reviewer 2: Thank you! Now I understand it better :)
```suggestion
The [CAP Operator](https://sap.github.io/cap-operator/) manages and automates the lifecycle operations involved in running multitenant CAP applications on Kubernetes (K8s) clusters. If you deploy an application using the CAP Operator, you must manually define the custom resources for the application in a helm chart, which needs time and deep knowledge of helm concepts.

This is where the CAP Operator **plugin** is very useful, as it provides an easy way to generate such a helm chart, which can be easily modified.
```

How about that?

> [CAP Operator](https://sap.github.io/cap-operator/) manages and automates the lifecycle operations involved in running multitenant CAP applications on Kubernetes (K8s) clusters. To deploy an application using the CAP Operator, the application must manually define the custom resources in a helm chart. The CAP Operator plugin provides an easy way to generate such a helm chart, which can be easily modified without needing deep knowledge of helm concepts.

Reviewer: @renejeglinsky Perfect. Thanks for the suggestion.
